All right so this is our demo video! We've got
a couple visualizations but I'm going to start
with the scatter plot, which plots songs based on
axes that the user can customize. Right now it's
a popularity versus popularity comparison which
isn't that interesting, but we can change it to
like a danceability versus energy comparison and
we can see that you know it's plotted the songs
that way which is kind of cool. We can then hover
over songs to see their values so we can hover
this one and it'll be like a movie soundtrack I
guess, which has a pretty low energy and a pretty
low danceability which checks out. We can click
on a song and we can either like it, dislike it,
or dislike similar songs. So firstly, let's say
I want to like this so let's give it a like.
And now I'll go to my second visualization
here which analyzes a playlist. So liking it added
it to our liked songs playlist, and we can view
all the songs in that playlist. What the bar
chart does it displays averages for the songs
in the playlist. So there's only one song in
there, so this has a 64 popularity I guess. We can
also add more to our liked songs, like let's add
something completely different, like Big And
Chunky, which hey you know that'll be more popular!
Or, actually, it's less popular, it's 60.5. So there
you go. This displays averages. You can add a new
playlist too. Let's add, I don't know, some random
playlist here, and we can go ahead and switch to it
and there's nothing in there. But we can go ahead
and add songs to it, such as anything down here.
Let's add a miracle sleep tone to it, and it'll
populate with that also. Another thing we can do is
dislike songs, like, I don't want to see any miracle
sleep tones in my playlist! So, let's go ahead and
dislike it and that'll actually remove it from
the scatter plot, and it will never be displayed
in scatter plot anymore. We can also dislike
similar songs. We wrote an algorithm to see
how similar one song is to another, comparing all
the attributes, so we can dislike similar songs and
remove a bunch of other songs from being displayed.
So, this will remove a whole bunch of stuff. A lot
of it seems like movie soundtracks and other very
slow, calm songs. So yeah! We can compare songs with
the scatter plot and add songs to playlists
and we can make new playlists and analyze them.